## Exploratory Regression Analysis with R
I acquired a data set about air quality from the UCI Machine Learning Repository to perform some simple regression using R. The data set is about different hourly air quality measures in an Italian city spanning over almost an entire year, that measured amounts of different trace particulates present in the air in a polluted area. The different materials include carbon monoxide(CO), Non Metanic Hydrocarbons (NMHC), Benzene (C<sub>6</sub>H<sub>6</sub>), Total Nitrogen Oxides (NO<sub>x</sub>) and Nitrogen Dioxide (NO<sub>2</sub>). The dataset also tracks measurements of Temperature (T), and Absolulte and Relative Humidities (AH and RH, respectively). Find the data set and more info here: https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Air+Quality

### Method
My aim was to find any significant statistical correlations between the local temperature and the other substances, as well as any significance in the relation between the humidities and temperature. That is, I wanted to discover if the cross-effects between the chemicals and humidity, and find some model that is able to accurately predict the the temperature given the conditions of the chemicals present, as well as the humidity readings.

I first started by loading the data into R, then cleaning up the missing values in the file. These missing values were marked with '-200' in the columns which were missing a value for that row. I just removed any rows that had a -200 in any of its columns, leaving a total of 827 records to perform regression on. I first tried a linear regression model in which every particulate was used as a predictor, and sought to keep only the ones that were statistically significant. That is, when looking at the calculated p-value of a chemical, I considered p-values less than 0.05 to be significant. Then, I removed each insignificant variable one by one until all the remaining variables were statistically significant. This final model served as a fairly accurate predictor of the average temperature.

However, I also wanted to examine the cross effects between these particulates and the Absolute Humidity, AH. I only considered AH, since Relative Humidity is correlated to absolute humidity, and may affect the other variables.
